goal.makegrout=Crafting Grout
goal.cookgrout=Smelting Grout
goal.mineiron=Mining Iron Ore
goal.cookiron=Smelting Iron Ore
goal.minelapis=Mining Lapis Lazuli
goal.minecoal=Mining Coal
goal.minediamond=Mining Diamonds
goal.mineemerald=Mining Emeralds
goal.minegold=Mining Gold
goal.mineredstone=Mining Redstone
goal.cookgold=Smelting Gold Ore
goal.minecobalt=Mining Cobalt Ore
goal.mineardite=Mining Ardite Ore
goal.minequartz=Mining Quartz
goal.makesearedbricks=Crafting Seared Bricks
goal.makesmelterycontroller=Crafting Smeltery Controller
goal.makesearedtank=Crafting Seared Tank
goal.makesmelterydrain=Crafting Smeltery Drain
goal.makefaucet=Crafting Faucet
goal.makecastingchannel=Crafting Casting Channel
goal.makecastingtable=Crafting Casting Table
goal.makecastingbasin=Crafting Casting Basin
goal.makeleatherhelmet=Crafting Leather Cap
goal.makeleatherchest=Crafting Leather Tunic
goal.makeleatherlegs=Crafting Leather Pants
goal.makeleatherboots=Crafting Leather Boots
goal.makesteelhelmet=Crafting Iron Helmet
goal.makesteelchest=Crafting Iron Chestplate
goal.makesteellegs=Crafting Iron Leggings
goal.makesteelboots=Crafting Iron Boots
goal.makegoldhelmet=Crafting Gold Helmet
goal.makegoldchest=Crafting Gold Chestplate
goal.makegoldlegs=Crafting Gold Leggings
goal.makegoldboots=Crafting Gold Boots
goal.makediamondhelmet=Crafting Diamond Helmet
goal.makediamondchest=Crafting Diamond Chestplate
goal.makediamondlegs=Crafting Diamond Leggings
goal.makediamondboots=Crafting Diamond Boots
goal.makewoodensword=Crafting Wooden Sword
goal.makestonesword=Crafting Stone Sword
goal.makesteelsword=Crafting Iron Sword
goal.makegoldsword=Crafting Gold Sword
goal.makediamondsword=Crafting Diamond Sword